chore(docs): stronger discouraging of non-Linux installations (#14620)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/install/requirements.md

## Hardware

- **OS**: Recommended Linux operating system (Ubuntu, Debian, etc).

>   - Non-Linux OS tend to provide a poor Docker experience and are not recommended.

Reviewer: I would even say

```suggestion
  - Non-Linux OSes tend to provide a poor Docker experience and are strongly discouraged.
```
